README.md, before:

# KORG NTS 1 MKII — Custom OSC, Reverb, Delay, Modulation

This repository contains custom oscillators (osc), effects (reverb, delay, chorus) units for the KORG NTS-1 MKII ( .nts1mkiiunit). Units that are ready to import into your NTS-1 MKII. MKII????? IS THIS A DREAM? NO!!! FINALLY THERE ARE SOME CUSTOM OSC'S (FOR FREE) FOR THE NEW VERSION OF THE KORG NTS1 !!!!! SO BUY SOME DUSTWHIPES AND GRAP YOUR KORG NTS1 MKII !! 

In the beginning, I regretted not buying a second nts1mki, since there were many more oscillators available!  
I decided to start building oscillators myself. I put a lot of time into it and I'm offering everything for free! There may still be some undiscovered bugs here and there!  
USE AT YOUR OWN RISK BUT MOST IMPORTANT: HAVE FUN!! Feedback is welcome


I think you guys will appreciate this! Bring out that mkii again!  

* I personally use the SQ1 for step sequences.

Repository layout
- units/ — collection of .nts1mkiiunit files (presets & custom units)
- docs/  — installation and usage instructions (how-to files)
- housekut.nts1mkiiunit (root) — example preset




MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Abusername1989

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.



Contact
- Open an Issue if you have questions or need help. Comments and tips or a simple Thank you is appreciated.

Commit message:

Add information about updated OSCs and effects
Updated README to include new OSCs and effects information.

README.md, after:

# KORG NTS 1 MKII — Custom OSC, Reverb, Delay, Modulation

This repository contains custom oscillators (osc), effects (reverb, delay, chorus) units for the KORG NTS-1 MKII ( .nts1mkiiunit). Units that are ready to import into your NTS-1 MKII. MKII????? IS THIS A DREAM? NO!!! FINALLY THERE ARE SOME CUSTOM OSC'S (FOR FREE) FOR THE NEW VERSION OF THE KORG NTS1 !!!!! SO BUY SOME DUSTWHIPES AND GRAP YOUR KORG NTS1 MKII !! 

In the beginning, I regretted not buying a second nts1mki, since there were many more oscillators available!  
I decided to start building oscillators myself. I put a lot of time into it and I'm offering everything for free! There may still be some undiscovered bugs here and there!  
USE AT YOUR OWN RISK BUT MOST IMPORTANT: HAVE FUN!! Feedback is welcome

I think you guys will appreciate this! Bring out that mkii again!  



# >>>>>>>> For those who downloaded OSCs before 13-02: OSCs and effects have been updated + a number of new OSCs and Reverb effects!<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
# I haven't felt like categorizing them by effect yet. You'll figure it out when you place them on the NTS in the Editor😉









MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Abusername1989

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.



Contact
- Open an Issue if you have questions or need help. Comments and tips or a simple Thank you is appreciated.
